README.md, before:

*** You can found other screens, configs on: ***
+ [dotshare.it](http://dotshare.it/~szorfein/dots/)
+ [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/szorfein/posts/)
+ [Imgur](https://imgur.com/user/Szorfein/submitted)
+ [Google+](https://plus.google.com/103351806729237673609)
+ [twitter](https://twitter.com/szorfein)
+ [Personal blog](https://szorfein.github.io/)

## Advertise

A new theme will erase the previous, only the colors (.Xresources) are saved into `~/.colors`. It change about every 15 days.  
If you like a theme, do a copy locally, you can name it with current theme, e.g:

    $ git clone https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles grass-theme

## Requirements for this desktop

+ subtle
+ termite - virtual terminal
+ rofi - for run programs
+ polybar - top | bottom bar
+ iosevka term - font for terminal app
+ hsetroot - for set wallpaper
+ compton - minimal shadows / transparency of windows
+ xdo - small utility to perform elementary actions on windows
+ xhost - dependencies for Xorg
+ firejail - launch app in a secure sandbox
+ [wallpaper](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZp2tj7ZQJVI6YrkKThXXl1nopjUM4j94ogy)  

A complete list of programs that i use is [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/szorfein/dotfiles/master/dependencies-list.txt) if need.

## Requirements for lemonbar || polybar

All dependencies for polybar can be remove, change, etc, you just have to edit the config file to your needs.

+ material-icons & iosevka term
+ wget - used for retrieve IP address
+ mpd - music server
+ mpc - music client
+ systemd - used to see state of daemon and reload service.
+ i3lock
+ dnscrypt-proxy
+ tor

### Troubleshoot

To install on:  
+ bspwm: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/Install-BSPWM)  
+ i3-gaps: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/i3-gaps)
+ subtle: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/subtle)

Current Desktop: ([subtle](https://subforge.org/projects/subtle))
![Alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/szorfein/dotfiles/master/screenshot.jpg "Screenshot")

Commit message:

little upd for redeyes theme

README.md, after:

*** You can found other screens, configs on: ***
+ [dotshare.it](http://dotshare.it/~szorfein/dots/)
+ [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/szorfein/posts/)
+ [Imgur](https://imgur.com/user/Szorfein/submitted)
+ [Google+](https://plus.google.com/103351806729237673609)
+ [twitter](https://twitter.com/szorfein)
+ [Personal blog](https://szorfein.github.io/)

## Advertise

A new theme will erase the previous, only the colors (.Xresources) are saved into `~/.colors`. It change about every 15 days.  
If you like a theme, do a copy locally, you can name it with current theme, e.g:

    $ git clone https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles redeyes-theme

If you search an old wallpaper that i've use, search into the list [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/szorfein/dotfiles/master/wallpapers-list.txt).

## Requirements for this desktop

+ subtle
+ termite - virtual terminal
+ rofi - for run programs
+ polybar - top | bottom bar
+ iosevka term - font for terminal app
+ hsetroot - for set wallpaper
+ compton - minimal shadows / transparency of windows
+ xdo - small utility to perform elementary actions on windows
+ xhost - dependencies for Xorg
+ firejail - launch app in a secure sandbox
+ [wallpaper](https://my.pcloud.com/publink/show?code=XZp2tj7ZQJVI6YrkKThXXl1nopjUM4j94ogy)  

A complete list of programs that i use is [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/szorfein/dotfiles/master/dependencies-list.txt) if need.

## Requirements for lemonbar || polybar

All dependencies for polybar can be remove, change, etc, you just have to edit the config file to your needs.

+ material-icons & iosevka term
+ wget - used for retrieve IP address
+ mpd - music server
+ mpc - music client
+ systemd - used to see state of daemon and reload service.
+ i3lock
+ dnscrypt-proxy
+ tor

### Troubleshoot

To install on:  
+ bspwm: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/Install-BSPWM)  
+ i3-gaps: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/i3-gaps)
+ subtle: [wiki](https://github.com/szorfein/dotfiles/wiki/subtle)

Current Desktop: ([subtle](https://subforge.org/projects/subtle))
![Alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/szorfein/dotfiles/master/screenshot.jpg "Screenshot")
